drive as a level six homing program so
as soon as we boot up she'll be know
exactly where we are how much time we
have about nine minutes
now this Drive is protected by some sort
of AI it keeps rewriting itself to
counter my commands
you override it
person who developed this is slightly
smarter than me slightly
try running a tracer
is a program that she'll developed
attract hostile malware so if we can't
read the file maybe we can find out
where it came from
can I help you guys to anything I don't
know my fiancee was just helping me some
honeymoon destinations right we're
getting married
congratulations we're guessing about
going New Jersey huh I have the exact
same glasses wow you two practically
twins yeah I wish specimen if you gives
me anything
I've been Eric thank you
give me a floor rundown negative on
three you said nine minutes come on
relax got it
you know it used to let's go